Update Zoe API (#69)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/guide/README.md

get back why they said they wanted, or the user will get back what they
originally offered.

> When a user escrows with Zoe, they get two things back immediately: a `seat`, and a JavaScript promise for a future payout. This `seat` is what the user can send to smart contracts, as proof that they

Reviewer: Some of this was only true for the escrow receipt. Let's change this to something like: 
```suggestion
When a user escrows with Zoe, they get two things back immediately: a `seat`, and a JavaScript promise for a future payout. This `seat` has methods that the user can call to take action in the smart contract on Zoe...
```

best, we'll get what we each wanted.

> Let's look at the basic `publicSwap` contract ([full text of

Reviewer: We renamed `publicSwap` to `atomicSwap` and moved all of the core zoe files under src/, so let's link to https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/master/packages/zoe/src/contracts/atomicSwap.js

the real contract](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/master/packages/zoe/contracts/publicSwap.js)).

Here's a high-level overview of what would happen:

> 1. I make an instance of the swap contract.

Reviewer: These steps have changed with the new Zoe. Instead of getting an escrow receipt, we get an invite, and we can send that invite to the other user.

at a simple contract. This contract only does one thing, and
it's pretty useless - it gives you back what you put in. Let's call it
`automaticRefund`. Let's say the code of `automaticRefund` looks like this (see

> the [real contract code here](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/master/packages/zoe/contracts/automaticRefund.js)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [real contract code here](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/master/packages/zoe/src/contracts/automaticRefund.js)):
```

```js
export const makeContract = (zoe, terms) => {

>   let offersCount = 0;

Reviewer: Thanks so much for updating this! I think we should leave out the `offersCount` and related code (`getOffersCount`, `offersCount += 1`) to simplify the contract as much as possible. I put `offersCount` in there for testing purposes, but it's probably not needed here.

  const makeSeatInvite = () => {
    const seat = harden({
      makeOffer: () => {
        offersCount += 1;
        zoe.complete(harden([inviteHandle]));
        return `The offer was accepted`;
      },
    });
    const { invite, inviteHandle } = zoe.makeInvite(seat, {
      seatDesc: 'getRefund',
    });
    return invite;
  };

  return harden({
    invite: makeSeatInvite(),
    publicAPI: {
      getOffersCount: () => offersCount,
      makeInvite: makeSeatInvite,
    },
    terms,
  });
};
```

> (In a real contract, whenever we create a new object or array, we recursively

Reviewer: Just realized maybe you're tackling this section in another PR. Just making a note that we would want to update this section to remove mention of the escrowReceipt and such.

```js
const makeFirstOfferInvite = () => {
  const seat = harden({
    makeFirstOffer: () => {
      if (
        !hasValidPayoutRules(['offerAtMost', 'wantAtLeast'], inviteHandle)
      ) {
        throw rejectOffer(inviteHandle);
      }
      return makeMatchingInvite(inviteHandle);
    },
  });
  const { invite, inviteHandle } = zoe.makeInvite(seat, {
    seatDesc: 'firstOffer',
  });
  return invite;
};
```

This is pretty similar in format to the `automaticRefund`, but there
are a few changes. First, in this contract, we actually check what was
escrowed with Zoe to see if it's the kind of offer that we want to
accept. In this case, we only want to accept offers that have a
`payoutRules` of the
form:
```js
[{ kind: 'offerAtMost', units: x}, { kind: 'wantAtLeast', units: y}]
```
where `x` and `y` are units with the correct assays.

Also, this is a swap, so we can't immediately return a payout to the
user who puts in the first offer; we have to wait for a valid matching
offer. So, if we get a valid first offer, we create an invite which can be shared with other parties to create a matching offer.

So, how does the matching happen? We can look at another user-facing

> method, `makeMatchingInvite`, and a helper function, `swap`:

Reviewer: this is fantastic, thank you!
